Sister, you don't always think so, do you?
Why is Mr. Gu so vicious when he doesn't call a car?
What makes you think that?
Look at him last time when I was sick
Then let you look at me when you come to work
This time you were sick and he took you to the hospital
Also, when I had surgery
He got the best doctor in the country to do it for me
Sister, say
But I kind of like you.
What are you talking about?
Hasn't he been threatening me with my brother?
How could I possibly save my brother?
Anyway, sister
We must repay this time
Uh-huh.
No, death can't know the truth yet
Sister-in-law, listen to your sister
There is no shortage of defenses in this world.
Except me.
Everyone has ulterior motives for your kindness
Do you understand?
OK. Do you understand?
Okay, sister, don't get excited.
Hey sister
You take good care
When you're well?
We still hang out like we were kids
Let's relax together, okay?
Dead me now
Only you.
I can't lose you anymore
I know, sis.
You take good care
Will we still be the same as before?
How is the hospital these days?
These days
Lin Ziang goes to chat with Miss Lin every day
Miss Lin's condition looks much better
Make arrangements for tomorrow's departure
We're not leaving with one hand
The doctor said that Miss Lin should be respected
He is afraid of heights now that he is going abroad
Got it, tell someone to watch him
Yes
Changed my dressing today